website: Update Kubeflow Getting Started Pages (#4145)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/started/introduction.md

| [KServe](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/external-add-ons/kserve/)                    | [`kserve/kserve`](https://github.com/kserve/kserve)                     |
| [Kubeflow Katib](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/katib/)                   | [`kubeflow/katib`](https://github.com/kubeflow/katib)                   |
| [Kubeflow Model Registry](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/model-registry/) | [`kubeflow/model-registry`](https://github.com/kubeflow/model-registry) |
| [Kubeflow Notebooks](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/notebooks/)           | [`kubeflow/notebooks`](https://github.com/kubeflow/notebooks)           |
| [Kubeflow Pipelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/)           | [`kubeflow/pipelines`](https://github.com/kubeflow/pipelines)           |
| [Kubeflow Spark Operator](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/spark-operator/) | [`kubeflow/spark-operator`](https://github.com/kubeflow/spark-operator) |
| [Kubeflow Trainer](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/trainer/)               | [`kubeflow/trainer`](https://github.com/kubeflow/trainer)               |

## What is the Kubeflow AI Reference Platform

> The Kubeflow AI reference platform refers to the full suite of Kubeflow projects bundled together
> with additional integration and management tools. Kubeflow AI reference platform deploys the
> comprehensive toolkit for the entire AI lifecycle. The Kubeflow AI reference platform can be
> installed via [Packaged Distributions](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#packaged-distributions)
> or [Kubeflow Manifests](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#kubeflow-manifests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubeflow AI reference platform refers to the full suite of Kubeflow projects bundled together
with additional integration and management tools, as for example multi-tenancy, servicemesh, networkpolicies, podsecuritystandards and authentication. The Kubeflow AI reference platform can be
installed via [Packaged Distributions](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#packaged-distributions)
or [Kubeflow Manifests](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#kubeflow-manifests).
```
